Welcome to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.
Our mission is to develop fully devoted followers of Christ.
Thanks for jumping back in on the podcast. on today's episode, we're excited to have Matt, Samantha and Brett Lee reading Psalm One Forty Seven as part of our Psalms Project journey.
Merry Christmas from the Lee family.
Okay, first we're going to read Psalm 147.
Praise the Lord! How good it is to sing praises to our God! How pleasant and fitting to praise Him!
"The Lord builds up Jerusalem, he gathers the exiles of Israel, he heals the brokenhearted,
And the binds of their wounds
He determines the number of stars and calls them each by name.
Great is our Lord, and mighty in power. His understanding has no limit.
The Lord sustains the humble, but casts the wicked to the ground.
Sing to the Lord with grateful praise, making music to our God on the harp.
He covers the sky with clouds. He supplies the earth with rain.
And makes grass grow on the hills.
He provides food to the cattle and for the young ravens when they call
His pleasure is not in the strength of the horse.
Nor his delight in the legs of the warrior
Verse 11
The lord delights him
The Lord delights in those who fear Him.
Who put their hope in his unfailing love
A soul lord Jerusalem
Praise your God, Zion!
He strengthens the bars of your gates and blesses the people within you.
He grants peace to your barters and satisfies you with the finest of wheat.
He sends his command to the earth
With his words run swiftly
He spreads the snow like wool and scatters the frost like ashes.
He'd hurdles his hair
Right pebbles
Who can withstand his icy blast?
He sends his word
And now it's them.
He stirs up his breezes
And the water flows
He has revealed his word to Jacob.
The laws and degrees
of Israel.
He has done this for no other nation. They do not know his laws.
Praise the Lord.
And then we have a question to pros. Come over here, Brett. Let's read the question together. So look at the camera.
Song
147 questions.
Has God ever surprised you with a creative
Alternate
Alternative alternative to an impossible situation
Good.
Is a new creation waiting to be born in your life?
Now or are you empty and running up against one of your understanding
And it hurts a lot
How might God break through through
Those barriers
Very good. I'm going to repeat it one more time.
Has God ever surprised you with a creative alternative to an impossible situation?
Is a new creation waiting to be born in your life now and are you empty and running up against the limits of your understanding?
How may God break through those barriers?
And that's on 147.
We hope this message was encouraging to you. If you would like this kind of content delivered directly to you, consider subscribing to our channel.
If you'd like more information about our church, please visit us on the web at canopyroads.org. And thanks for listening to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.